README.md, before:

# xStation5 API C++ Library

[![Test xapi-cpp](https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp/actions/workflows/test-xapi-cpp.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp/actions/workflows/test-xapi-cpp.yml) 
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)](https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp/LICENSE)


This library provides C++ interface to work with [XTB](https://www.xtb.com) xStation5 accounts. It can be used to connect to xStation5 platform, retrieve market data and execute trades.

API documentation: <http://developers.xstore.pro/documentation>

### Disclaimer
This xStation5 API C++ library is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected to the xStation5 trading platform or its parent company. 

Please refer to the [license](LICENSE) file (MIT License) for terms and conditions governing the use of this library, including disclaimers of warranties and liabilities.

## Requirements

Make sure to list all necessary dependencies and tools required to build and install the library.

- **C++ Compiler**: Any C++20-compliant compiler (e.g., GCC, Clang)
- **CMake**: Version 3.22 or higher
- **Boost**: Version 1.83.0 or higher
- **OpenSSL**: Version 3.0.2 or higher


### Build & Install
Step-by-step guide to build the project using CMake.

1. Clone the repository and navigate to the `xapi-cpp` directory:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp.git
    cd xapi-cpp
    ```

2. Create a `build` directory and navigate into it:

    ```bash
    mkdir build
    cd build
    ```

3. Run CMake to configure and build the project:

    ```bash
    cmake ..
    cmake --build . 
    ```

4. Run CMake command to install library:

    ```bash
    cmake --install . 
    ```

## Usage
To use xAPI, an active account on the xStation5 trading platform is required. It could be a real account, or demo account. To create one, you can visit [xtb.com](https://www.xtb.com) 

Once your account is set up, you can leverage the Xapi library to connect to the platform and start trading.

### Cmake configuration

Xapi supports ``find_package``, simplifying the process of linking the library to your project. A typical `CMakeLists.txt` for your project might look like this:

```cmake
    cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.10)
    project(ExampleApp)

    set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 20)
    set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED ON)

    find_package(Xapi REQUIRED)

    add_executable(ExampleApp main.cpp)

    target_link_libraries(ExampleApp
        PRIVATE
        Boost::system
        Boost::json
        Boost::url
        Xapi::Xapi
    )
```

### Example getAllSymbols
Here’s a simple example of how to use the library in your ``main.cpp``:
```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <string>
#include <boost/asio.hpp>
#include <boost/json.hpp>
#include <xapi/Xapi.hpp>


boost::asio::awaitable<void> run(boost::asio::io_context &context)
{
    const boost::json::object accountCredentials = {
        {"accountId", "accountId"}, // Replace value with your account ID
        {"password", "password"}, // Replace valuer with your password
        {"accountType", "demo"} // Account type, "demo" or "real"
    };

    xapi::XStationClient user(context, accountCredentials);

    try
    {
        co_await user.login();

        auto result = co_await user.getAllSymbols();
        std::cout << boost::json::serialize(result) << std::endl;

        co_await user.logout();
    }
    catch (xapi::exception::ConnectionClosed &e)
    {
        std::cout << "Connection failed: " << e.what() << std::endl;
    }
    catch (xapi::exception::LoginFailed &e)
    {
        std::cout << "Logging failed: " << e.what() << std::endl;
    }
    catch (std::exception &e)
    {
        std::cout << e.what() << std::endl;
    }
}

int main(int argc, char const *argv[])
{
    boost::asio::io_context context;

    boost::asio::co_spawn(context, run(context), boost::asio::detached);

    context.run();
    return 0;
}
```

More examples can be found in [examples](examples/) folder.

## Runing Tests
To build the tests, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the `build` directory.
2. Run the following commands to configure and build the tests using CMake:

    ```bash
    cmake -DBUILD_TESTS=ON ..
    cmake --build .
    ```

    Once the build process is complete, you will have the tests ready to run.

    Use command below to run unit tests:

    ```bash
    test/tests
    ```

## Getting Help

If you have questions, issues, or need assistance with this project, you can visit the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp/issues) page to report problems or check for known issues.

Feel free to reach out via email at matsvei.pahotski@gmail.com if you need direct assistance.


## Contributing

To contribute, please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request. All contributions will be reviewed, and any useful additions are welcome. Any review or improvement suggestions you may have are greatly appreciated

Commit message:

Add changes with Debug config

README.md, after:

# xStation5 API C++ Library

[![Test xapi-cpp](https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp/actions/workflows/test-xapi-cpp.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp/actions/workflows/test-xapi-cpp.yml) 
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)](https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp/LICENSE)


This library provides C++ interface to work with [XTB](https://www.xtb.com) xStation5 accounts. It can be used to connect to xStation5 platform, retrieve market data and execute trades.

API documentation: <http://developers.xstore.pro/documentation>

### Disclaimer
This xStation5 API C++ library is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected to the xStation5 trading platform or its parent company. 

Please refer to the [license](LICENSE) file (MIT License) for terms and conditions governing the use of this library, including disclaimers of warranties and liabilities.

## Requirements

Make sure to list all necessary dependencies and tools required to build and install the library.

- **C++ Compiler**: Any C++20-compliant compiler (e.g., GCC, Clang)
- **CMake**: Version 3.22 or higher
- **Boost**: Version 1.83.0 or higher
- **OpenSSL**: Version 3.0.2 or higher


### Build & Install
Step-by-step guide to build the project using CMake.

1. Clone the repository and navigate to the `xapi-cpp` directory:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp.git
    cd xapi-cpp
    ```

2. Create a `build` directory and navigate into it:

    ```bash
    mkdir build
    cd build
    ```

3. Run CMake to configure and build Release version of the library:

    ```bash
    cmake ..
    cmake --build . 
    ```

4. Run CMake command to install library:

    ```bash
    cmake --install . 
    ```

## Usage
To use xAPI, an active account on the xStation5 trading platform is required. It could be a real account, or demo account. To create one, you can visit [xtb.com](https://www.xtb.com) 

Once your account is set up, you can leverage the Xapi library to connect to the platform and start trading.

### Cmake configuration

Xapi supports ``find_package``, simplifying the process of linking the library to your project. A typical `CMakeLists.txt` for your project might look like this:

```cmake
    cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.10)
    project(ExampleApp)

    set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 20)
    set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED ON)

    find_package(Xapi REQUIRED)

    add_executable(ExampleApp main.cpp)

    target_link_libraries(ExampleApp
        PRIVATE
        Boost::system
        Boost::json
        Boost::url
        Xapi::Xapi
    )
```

### Example getAllSymbols
Here’s a simple example of how to use the library in your ``main.cpp``:
```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <string>
#include <boost/asio.hpp>
#include <boost/json.hpp>
#include <xapi/Xapi.hpp>


boost::asio::awaitable<void> run(boost::asio::io_context &context)
{
    const boost::json::object accountCredentials = {
        {"accountId", "accountId"}, // Replace value with your account ID
        {"password", "password"}, // Replace valuer with your password
        {"accountType", "demo"} // Account type, "demo" or "real"
    };

    xapi::XStationClient user(context, accountCredentials);

    try
    {
        co_await user.login();

        auto result = co_await user.getAllSymbols();
        std::cout << boost::json::serialize(result) << std::endl;

        co_await user.logout();
    }
    catch (xapi::exception::ConnectionClosed &e)
    {
        std::cout << "Connection failed: " << e.what() << std::endl;
    }
    catch (xapi::exception::LoginFailed &e)
    {
        std::cout << "Logging failed: " << e.what() << std::endl;
    }
    catch (std::exception &e)
    {
        std::cout << e.what() << std::endl;
    }
}

int main(int argc, char const *argv[])
{
    boost::asio::io_context context;

    boost::asio::co_spawn(context, run(context), boost::asio::detached);

    context.run();
    return 0;
}
```

More examples can be found in [examples](examples/) folder.

## Runing Tests
To build the tests, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the `build` directory.
2. Run the following commands to configure debug mode and build the tests using CMake:

    ```bash
    cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..
    cmake --build .
    ```

    Once the build process is complete, you will have the tests ready to run.

    Use command below to run unit tests:

    ```bash
    test/tests
    ```

## Getting Help

If you have questions, issues, or need assistance with this project, you can visit the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/MPogotsky/xapi-cpp/issues) page to report problems or check for known issues.

Feel free to reach out via email at matsvei.pahotski@gmail.com if you need direct assistance.


## Contributing

To contribute, please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request. All contributions will be reviewed, and any useful additions are welcome. Any review or improvement suggestions you may have are greatly appreciated
